Adversity reveals true friends.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Beauty is only skin deep.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Don't burn your bridges.
Easy come, easy go.
Every dog has its day.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Good fences make good neighbors.
He who hesitates is lost.
If you can't beat them, join them.
It takes two to tango.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Look before you leap.
Misery loves company.
No pain, no gain.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
The early bird catches the worm.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
There's no time like the present.
You reap what you sow.
A bad workman blames his tools.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
All good things must come to an end.
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Better safe than sorry.
Clothes make the man.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Don't judge a man until you've walked a mile in his shoes.
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
Every rose has its thorn.
Great minds think alike.
Half a loaf is better than none.
Honesty is the best policy.
It's never too late to learn.
Jack of all trades, master of none.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Life is short.
Money can't buy happiness.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
One good turn deserves another.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Silence is golden.
Still waters run deep.
The best things in life are free.
The customer is always right.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
There's a method to my madness.
Time flies when you're having fun.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
You can't make an omelet without breaking eggs.
A watched pot never boils.
All that glitters is not gold.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.
Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
Don't cry over spilt milk.
Every man for himself.
Give credit where credit is due.
He laughs best who laughs last.
If the shoe fits, wear it.
It's no use locking the stable door after the horse has bolted.
Knowledge is of two kinds: we know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it.
Let bygones be bygones.
Love is blind.
Necessity knows no law.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Once bitten, twice shy.
Practice what you preach.
Strike while the iron is hot.
The devil is in the details.
The more the merrier.
The truth will set you free.
Time waits for no man.
What's done is done.
You can't please everyone.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A leopard cannot change its spots.
Actions result from thoughts.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.
Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder.
Blood will tell.
Charity covers a multitude of sins.
Cleanliness is indeed next to godliness.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
Don't cast your pearls before swine.
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden egg.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Experience is the best teacher.
God helps those who help themselves.
Good things come in small packages.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
Variety is the spice of life.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
Where there's smoke, there's fire.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
You reap what you sow.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Actions speak louder than words.
All is fair in love and war.
An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Better late than never.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Blood is thicker than water.
Clothes make the man.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Don't burn your bridges.
Don't cry over spilt milk.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Easy come, easy go.
Every dog has its day.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Good things come to those who wait.
Half a loaf is better than none.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
History repeats itself.
Home is where the heart is.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
It never rains but it pours.
It's better to give than to receive.
Jack of all trades, master of none.
Knowledge is power.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Life is a journey, not a destination.
Like father, like son.
Manners maketh man.
Misery loves company.
Money is the root of all evil.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
No news is good news.
Nothing is certain but death and taxes.
One man's loss is another man's gain.
Opportunity knocks but once.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Practice what you preach.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
Silence is consent.
The best defense is a good offense.
The ends justify the means.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
The road to success is always under construction.
The truth hurts.
There is no time like the present.
There's a sucker born every minute.
Time is money.
To err is human.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
When it rains, it pours.
Where there is life, there is hope.
You are what you eat.
You can't please everyone.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Dark times reveal true character.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Peace begins with a smile.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
The best revenge is massive success.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
We become what we think about.
What we think, we become.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
